"After placing an order on an e-commerce website, how important are the following features to you? (Not at all important (1) , slightly important (2), moderately important (3), very important (4), extremely important (5)) Personal shopping assistant",
"After placing an order on an e-commerce website, how important are the following features to you? (Not at all important (1) , slightly important (2), moderately important (3), very important (4), extremely important (5)) Interactive voice assistant for order management",
"After placing an order on an e-commerce website, how important are the following features to you? (Not at all important (1) , slightly important (2), moderately important (3), very important (4), extremely important (5)) Automated/Smart cancellation and refund processes",
"After placing an order on an e-commerce website, how important are the following features to you? (Not at all important (1) , slightly important (2), moderately important (3), very important (4), extremely important (5)) Personalized product usage guides and tutorials",
"After placing an order on an e-commerce website, how important are the following features to you? (Not at all important (1) , slightly important (2), moderately important (3), very important (4), extremely important (5)) Predictive/automated reordering of items",
"What are your biggest concerns while using AI services? (Not concerned at all (1), Somewhat concerned (2), Moderately concerned (3), Very concerned (4), Extremely concerned (5)) Privacy (usage of your personal data)",
"What are your biggest concerns while using AI services? (Not concerned at all (1), Somewhat concerned (2), Moderately concerned (3), Very concerned (4), Extremely concerned (5)) Accuracy (How correct the information is)",
"What are your biggest concerns while using AI services? (Not concerned at all (1), Somewhat concerned (2), Moderately concerned (3), Very concerned (4), Extremely concerned (5)) Security (Protection of your data from hacks/leaks)",
"What are your biggest concerns while using AI services? (Not concerned at all (1), Somewhat concerned (2), Moderately concerned (3), Very concerned (4), Extremely concerned (5)) Transparency (Knowing how decisions are made and what data is used)",
"What are your biggest concerns while using AI services? (Not concerned at all (1), Somewhat concerned (2), Moderately concerned (3), Very concerned (4), Extremely concerned (5)) Bias (fairness in AI responses)",
"If you want to manage your order (for example - you want to know the size of the blue t-shirt you bought last week), what action do you prefer? (Extremely inconvenient (1), somewhat inconvenient (2), neither convenient or inconvenient (3), somewhat convenient (4), extremely convenient (5))Tapping buttons in the app to navigate to the “Manage Order” screen ",
"If you want to manage your order (for example - you want to know the size of the blue t-shirt you bought last week), what action do you prefer? (Extremely inconvenient (1), somewhat inconvenient (2), neither convenient or inconvenient (3), somewhat convenient (4), extremely convenient (5))Using voice assistants such as Siri, Google Assistant, Alexa, etc. (“Hey Siri, what was the size of the blue shirt I got last week from Amazon?”)",
"If you want to manage your order (for example - you want to know the size of the blue t-shirt you bought last week), what action do you prefer? (Extremely inconvenient (1), somewhat inconvenient (2), neither convenient or inconvenient (3), somewhat convenient (4), extremely convenient (5))Typing into a chatbot (Type - “I want to know the size of the blue shirt I got last week”)",
"How do you prefer interacting with customer service? (Not preferred at all (1), Somewhat preferred (2), Moderately preferred (3), Very preferred (4), Extremely preferred (5)) Talking to a human customer service agent over a call",
"How do you prefer interacting with customer service? (Not preferred at all (1), Somewhat preferred (2), Moderately preferred (3), Very preferred (4), Extremely preferred (5)) Talking to an automated bot /agent over a call",
"How do you prefer interacting with customer service? (Not preferred at all (1), Somewhat preferred (2), Moderately preferred (3), Very preferred (4), Extremely preferred (5)) Chatting with the customer support chatbot",
"How do you prefer interacting with customer service? (Not preferred at all (1), Somewhat preferred (2), Moderately preferred (3), Very preferred (4), Extremely preferred (5)) Raising an issue on the customer support webpage",
"How do you prefer interacting with customer service? (Not preferred at all (1), Somewhat preferred (2), Moderately preferred (3), Very preferred (4), Extremely preferred (5)) Emailing help/support"
"If there was a personal assistant to help you track and manage your purchases, delivery issues, etc, what do you expect it to do? Scenario: You bought a gift for a party assuming it would get delivered before the party. The delivery is now delayed. How would you feel about the following personalized actions? (Very uncomfortable, Uncomfortable, Neutral, Comfortable, Very comfortable) The order arrives late, and nothing is done."
"If there was a personal assistant to help you track and manage your purchases, delivery issues, etc, what do you expect it to do? Scenario: You bought a gift for a party assuming it would get delivered before the party. The delivery is now delayed. How would you feel about the following personalized actions? (Very uncomfortable, Uncomfortable, Neutral, Comfortable, Very comfortable) The order is canceled automatically since it’s no longer needed after the party."
"If there was a personal assistant to help you track and manage your purchases, delivery issues, etc, what do you expect it to do? Scenario: You bought a gift for a party assuming it would get delivered before the party. The delivery is now delayed. How would you feel about the following personalized actions? (Very uncomfortable, Uncomfortable, Neutral, Comfortable, Very comfortable) The order is canceled, and a similar gift is re-ordered to arrive before the party."
"If there was a personal assistant to help you track and manage your purchases, delivery issues, etc, what do you expect it to do? Scenario: You bought a gift for a party assuming it would get delivered before the party. The delivery is now delayed. How would you feel about the following personalized actions? (Very uncomfortable, Uncomfortable, Neutral, Comfortable, Very comfortable) The order is canceled, and a new gift is arranged to arrive at the party location when you do, so you don’t have to carry it."
