"Would you feel comfortable giving an AI assistant instructions to automatically cancel and replace a delayed order? 1) Yes, I’d be comfortable with that. 2) I’d be open to it, but I’d want to review the replacement choice before it’s ordered. 3) I’d be concerned about the AI making a mistake (e.g., ordering the wrong item or something I won’t like). 4) I’d worry about trusting the AI with my order decisions (e.g., it might not understand my preferences). 5) No, I wouldn’t be comfortable with an AI making these changes without my approval."
"How comfortable are you with an AI assistant proactively making online shopping decisions on your behalf? (For example - An AI assistant automatically ordering diapers if it thinks you are out of diapers OR AI automatically initiates a return if it thinks that you are not satisfied with the order) 1) Yes, I would find proactive support very helpful 2) Yes, but only for certain types of issues 3) I'm not sure 4) No, but I might prefer it for certain issues 5) No, I prefer to manage issues myself."
"Which approach would you find more efficient for managing multiple post-purchase actions simultaneously? Scenario A (Traditional Approach): 'You want to check order statuses for multiple packages and request refunds for some. You have to visit the 'Order Status' page for each package and the 'Refunds' page for each refund request separately.' Scenario B (AI-Driven Approach): 'You want to check order statuses for multiple packages and request refunds for some. You tell the AI assistant, 'Show me the status of all my orders and process refunds for the ones I want to return.' The AI provides a consolidated summary and processes your refund requests in one interaction.' 1) Traditional approach (separate pages for each action) 2) AI-driven approach (consolidated and conversational interaction) 3) A hybrid of traditional and AI driven approaches 4) I have no preference 5) I am unsure"
"Do you work or study in a technology-related field? 1) Yes, I am employed or studying in a technology-related field 2) No, I am not employed or studying in a technology-related field"
"When using AI chatbots like ChatGPT or Gemini, what do you dislike? (Select all that apply) 1) It’s not a human and not “intelligent” enough 2) It gives me generic solutions; I need specificity 3) I hate typing into chatbots 4) The chatbot takes too long to respond 5) The response is very wordy and not structured properly 6) I do not trust their response or their sources 7) I am not used to using chatbots 8) None, I like using chatbots"